readme.md, before:

# Laravel Base

This is starter base using the latest Laravel 5.2. Setup include AUTH scaffold, boostrap 3, Laracasts generator, PHP to Vars and Easy Flash.

# How to install

1. git clone https://github.com/cyberfly/laravelbase.git yourfoldername
2. cd yourfoldername
3. composer install
4. composer update
5. cp .env.example .env
6. php artisan key:generate
7. update the db configuration in .env
8. php artisan migrate

Thats all!


## Laravel PHP Framework 5.2.22

Laravel is a web application framework with expressive, elegant syntax. We believe development must be an enjoyable, creative experience to be truly fulfilling. Laravel attempts to take the pain out of development by easing common tasks used in the majority of web projects, such as authentication, routing, sessions, queueing, and caching.

## Official Documentation

Documentation for the framework can be found on the [Laravel website](http://laravel.com/docs).

## Contributing

Thank you for considering contributing to the Laravel framework! The contribution guide can be found in the [Laravel documentation](http://laravel.com/docs/contributions).

## Security Vulnerabilities

If you discover a security vulnerability within Laravel, please send an e-mail to Taylor Otwell at taylor@laravel.com. All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed.

## License

The Laravel framework is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Commit message:

add db seeder for entrust

readme.md, after:

# Laravel Base

This is starter base using the latest Laravel 5.2.22. Setup include Auth scaffold, Permission using Entrust, Boostrap 3, Laracasts generator, PHP to Vars and Easy Flash.

# How to install

1. git clone https://github.com/cyberfly/laravelbase.git yourfoldername
2. cd yourfoldername
3. composer install
4. composer update
5. cp .env.example .env
6. php artisan key:generate
7. update the db configuration in .env
8. php artisan migrate
9. php artisan db:seed

Thats all!


## Laravel PHP Framework 5.2.22

Laravel is a web application framework with expressive, elegant syntax. We believe development must be an enjoyable, creative experience to be truly fulfilling. Laravel attempts to take the pain out of development by easing common tasks used in the majority of web projects, such as authentication, routing, sessions, queueing, and caching.

## Official Documentation

Documentation for the framework can be found on the [Laravel website](http://laravel.com/docs).

## Contributing

Thank you for considering contributing to the Laravel framework! The contribution guide can be found in the [Laravel documentation](http://laravel.com/docs/contributions).

## Security Vulnerabilities

If you discover a security vulnerability within Laravel, please send an e-mail to Taylor Otwell at taylor@laravel.com. All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed.

## License

The Laravel framework is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
